Since there are no column comments in SQLite, I'm putting descriptions in this file.

meta -- Contains metadata, such as version number, etc.
    name (text not null)   -- Name of field.
    desc (text not null)   -- Description of field.
    value (text not null)  -- Value of field.

items -- Contains all planner items.
    id (integer primary key autoincrement)
    desc (text) -- The description.
    todo_applicable (integer not null) -- 0 is there is no todo associated with the item.  1 if there is.

no_repetitions -- Data for all items that ahve no repetitions.
    id (integer primary key autoincrement)
    date (integer not null) -- Date (from toInt in date-functions) that the item takes place.

yearly_repetitions -- Data for all items that repeat annually.
    id (integer primary key autoincrement)
    startdate (integer not null)   -- First date (from toInt in date-functions) in which the item takes place.
    exp (integer not null)         -- Last date in which the item takes place, if applicable.  Set to zero if no expiration.

monthly_repetitions -- Data for all items that repeat monthly.
    id (integer primary key autoincrement)
    startdate (integer not null)    -- First date (from toInt in date-functions) in which the item takes place.
    exp (integer not null)          -- Last date in which the item takes place, if applicable.  Set to zero if no expiration.
    day_of_month (integer not null) -- Day of month (starting at zero!) that repeats.

weekly_repetitions -- Data for all items that repeat weekly.
    id (integer primary key autoincrement)
    startdate (integer not null)       -- First date (from toInt in date-functions) in which the item takes place.
    exp (integer not null)             -- Last date in which the item takes place, if applicable.  Set to zero if no expiration.
    day_of_week (integer not null)     -- Day of week (starting at zero!) that repeats.

todo_statii -- Which "todo" items are done, by date.  (It not present on specified date, either not done or not applicable.)
    id (integer primary key autoincrement)
    items_id (integer not null)
    date (integer not null) -- Date (from toInt in date-functions) that the item is done.
